Addressing issue 89: incorporating SUP on App Registry as OCI Registry (#123)
margo/specification: system-design/overview/applications.md

The three main goals of Margo's application description model is to allow workload fleet managers to do the following:

- Display information about available applications (e.g., via an [application catalog](../personas-and-definitions/technical-lexicon.md#application-catalog)), which the [OT user](../personas-and-definitions/personas.md#ot-user) can deploy as workloads.
- Determine which edge compute devices are compatible with an application (regarding processor type, GPU present, RAM available, etc.)
- Capture, and validate, configuration information from the OT user when deploying application components as workloads, or updating them.

Another advantage of Margo's [application description model](../concepts/applications/application-package.md) is to enable workload suppliers to define different deployment profiles in a single application description file to target deploying to different types of edge compute devices (e.g., Arm vs. x86, Kubernetes vs. Docker) instead of needing to maintain multiple application description files.

## Packaging & Distribution

> To distribute an application consisting of multiple components that are deployable as workloads, they are wrapped in an [application package](../concepts/applications/application-package.md) defined by the workload supplier who aims to provide it to Margo-compliant edge compute devices. Therefore, the workload supplier creates an application description YAML document containing information about the application and references to its components. The application package is made available in an [application registry](../concepts/applications/application-registry.md), its components (i.e., Helm Charts or Compose Archives) are stored in a remote or [local](../concepts/applications/local-registries.md) component registry, and the linked [OCI containers](https://github.com/opencontainers) are provided through an OCI container registry.

Reviewer: The "good old" Docker format is not "OCI-conform" and it might still be in used, therefore I would not require "OCI-conformance" for the container images. Ideally they will be OCI-conform, but we must not enforce it in the specification.

```suggestion
To distribute an application consisting of multiple components that are deployable as workloads, they are wrapped in an [application package](../concepts/applications/application-package.md) defined by the workload supplier who aims to provide it to Margo-compliant edge compute devices.
Therefore, the workload supplier creates an application description YAML document containing information about the application and references to its components.
The application package is made available in an [application registry](../concepts/applications/application-registry.md), its components (i.e., Helm Charts or Compose Archives) are stored in a remote or [local](../concepts/applications/local-registries.md) component registry, and the linked container images are provided through an container image registry.
```

Author: done
